Who is so loud?
Since you died overnight
Come sooner or later
Hahaha
15 years ago
I can read your mother
Kill you and today
You will eventually return to our Ye family
I didn't expect this trash to have something to do with the Ye family
Ye Ye Go
How dare you humiliate my mother
You are courting death Ye Feifan, you trash
You still have a Ye Shao talking back
I see you today.
You're not here for the auction at all, are you?
You are here to talk to my Chunyao on purpose
Don't think you took 3 billion Hu for me
With me, I will let you step into my Shen family
Oh, dear.
You must be Shangjing Ye Family Ye Group Ye Shao, right?
This is my daughter.
She has admired you for a long time
He wants to treat you to a meal
I don't know if you have time.
There are indeed some beautiful ones that are much better than those in my house
Then I will reluctantly accept it
Be my concubine
Come and take care of my under-month-old child, okay?
Daydreaming
Even if I die, I can't be your concubine
Concubine Yao
Why do you like this crap?
This beast will be stronger than Dali
Make you ten times a hundred times